The Joe Rogan experience. You are really famous in MIMA, right?
Like someone told me that your wedding,
30 million people watched your wedding on television.
There. More than that, I think, but yeah, that's insane.
It was so the story that's like, look, so now we go back to the story. When we,
when I, when I went through over after prison fight, I went to MIMA. Then I,
after, after, uh, we didn't even talk about the.
Prison fight. We kind of Skipp.
Over it. I mean, I, I won like, no, I think the more important is the sway part.
So then I, it just,
I talked about it because that was my connection to the promoter. Oh, okay.
Then the promoter got, gets me into a lit way. And then I, I, uh,
I like beat up two, two, and then I get right away challenged my two turn men,
the open weight. So like the, the, by us in the country,
when you open white champ, you're the best in the world in Lato. Right.
The biggest and the, the, the strongest. So he's a third, four,
five generation LA, his grandfather was LA fighters. Whoa.
And they were all golden belts, winners. Right. So he's born in, in the, like,
if you look where he lives, it's raw, man. It's the hut.
It's in the jungle and he's, he's raised the head, but culture, like,
you know, he's, he's an animal, he's a head hunter.
He just goes for the head and he he's, he has a good right hand. So I'm like,
and I knew right away after that fight with Tutu, I,
he was fighting that night too. So we, uh, I go shake it hand. He doesn't know.
Yes and no in English. That's how bad he is. And I, I say, good fight.
And he's like, you just gimme a head knock. And I knew that we're gonna meet.
So we eat. And, uh, yeah. And then where was I going with this? Basically?
What was your question, Joe? You said, no, just gotta, just keep going, fight.
Need him. I bet. With the first fight.
That's I think it's important to talk about this,
cuz I was only my second let we fight ever. Right.
And I'm fighting the best two legends in a row. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.
So I'm like, do they want get the like, oh two, two, didn't get,
so let's get to, to, to him up. Right, right. So I go back, I was,
I was at tiger at the time and that was uh, no, we'll go back to this later.
But I was,
they were laughing at me because I was doing headbutts on the bags and they
were, it was all a big show. Every time I was doing headbutts right. Like, oh,
look at Dave doing this. Uh, look, I had to teach this guy with 300. My, my, my,
uh, my coach at the time I had hole at time.
I had to teach him how to hold pads for headbutts and that's the way I developed
the way to do, you know, jab, cross hook, headbutt,
elbow mm-hmm <affirmative> uh, stuff like that. So then they were laughing.
Okay, cool. I don't care. I'm waiting fights. I go there and um, first fight.
That's the hard part, man. Like I, the first round, the first couple rounds,
the three rounds, he, I, I, I push, kick his stomach and he grabs it and he,
he sweet smarter leg many times. So I actually sectioned my, the back of my leg.
Um, like it was, I had to do physio, like my nerves,
I think in the back of my right leg was like section sectioned or maybe not,
maybe not sectioned, but like severely damaged. Okay. So, uh, yeah.
Section would be pretty bad. Yeah. So, uh, cause what do you mean by sectioned?
You mean like air, like.
Tear the like yeah, it was like, and damage.
Is that from kicking the back of your leg?
Think cuz he did it many times in the same spot. Right? Uhhuh.
<affirmative> on my, the back of my knee. Okay. Which there's a lot of nerves.
So.
He's catching your teeth, kicking and then kicking your other leg? Yes. Okay.
So then many times and I, I don't, so it's tearing. Yeah.
And I don't re I'm like what the? Like, uh, cuz I, I want to go inside.
I wanna do my elbows and I can cuz I, and uh,
so then adaptation I think is key in life as well. Right. You need to, to,
to adapt and for that. So again, this guy is 70 fights. Uh, you know,
I think he like, uh, all my chaos is just mashing everyone.
And then, um, I, uh, I started adapting. I went,
I went through the leg instead the push kicked through the leg instead of the
stomach and that you couldn't catch it anymore. And then it was,
it was making buckle up. So that was a big, a big thing in my,
so you're hitting him above the thigh. Hyper extending the knee. Yeah.
And he can't get him. So you he's a bowl. He call him the bull.
So he goes inside.
He can can't you can't go inside if I'm pushing his leg too much. Right. Right.
So he's arming a hard time and he is gassing out a little bit cuz he's he give,
he usually knocks him out in the first round and he goes far. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> so then I'm like, I kinda, I,
I knocked him out a couple times.
Like knocked him down a couple times at the end of the fight.
So it was a real draw. Right. It was a real draw.
So we ended up the first fight as a draw, but then right away I rematch,
we fight you again. How long? Two months, two months. But then your leg is up.
Yeah. So that, but then was a, was a, it was a, an added sweetener.
That was again I'm I'm very emotional today. I have goosebumps. <laugh> like,
cuz it's it changed my life, Joe, like basically it was, if you win this fight,
it's gonna be December, 2011, uh, 2016. If you win this fight, you go,
we're gonna pay for your wedding. And uh it's for the golden belt.
So the other one was only a challenge fight, you know? But when the, when the,
like this was actually for like,
you can it's for the title fight mm-hmm <affirmative> so I got two draws and now
it's like title fight. So I'm like, let's go, I train. And uh,
I train hard and uh, yeah, we, you go, we meet up again. And now I,
I cuz I, I propose the arena. I proposed the arena, uh, after the other fight,
uh, in began, by the way, if you have a chance to go there,
beautiful 10,000 temples, UNESCO protected temples. And uh, you go at 5:00 AM,
4:00 AM and you see the sunrise on those like temples and like there's hot air
balloon. It's beautiful. Wow. So I, I, I was, uh, to re in Russian, I learned,
I learned my script in Russian and uh, she says, yes, uh,
I don't know how trick to, to, to love me, but <laugh> so we go there,
but then it makes the news in MIMA. Right? Oh,
Dave got engaged in Bagan so then the promoter calls me. So Hey,
you got that fight in December. If you win, you wanna get married in Miam ma?
I said, yeah. So he's gonna be in Miam, traditional wedding.
So full gold with like, like ASU pictures. That's pretty cool. Wow. But I said,
but um, it's gonna be like, we're gonna make an event out of this. So he,
obviously he is not stupid. The guy, he pays 20 grand, but he's gonna make,
he's gonna, he's gonna put it on television. Yeah. A bit like what they did,
you know, they, they help, they help Connor, whatever. Like they wanna build it,
get bill a fight, you know? Sure. So, uh,
it's live on TV and it's a BBC freaking everything. Wow. So, uh,
I had a lot of pressure. I had to win. I don't want my wife to,
because the wedding was gonna happen regardless. Right. Like,
but this could be a better wedding, right? Yeah. I don't guys.
Oh <laugh> that's not, that's not the most glamorous one.
Maybe there's another one. It's pretty cool, man. This one or yeah. Or then wow.
Yeah. Pretty cool. So you have OV and uh, David Lazu in Burmese language. Wow.
That was pictures from BBC. Yeah. Look at my hat. Maybe, uh,
Jamie can go on the left. Uh, and maybe you can see the hat. This one. Yeah.
Look, I have like a, a hat. That's pretty cool. What, what is that? Uh,
hat called that tradit. Tradit. I dunno the name, but when you see my, my, uh,
my skirt, it's called Alan LA. So this,
this is everybody in Myanmar has that. It's also in India, uh, in India.
They called that Alanee in, in Myanmar.
They called Alan most comfortable thing in the world. You wear it at it's.
Is it like a kilt? I have one for you. You have one for me?
Look it up. Hilarious. It's directly from Mer.
It fits in that little tiny bag. Yeah. Yeah. So you you're gonna look.
It's like a, a long thing. This is directly from Burma. Oh. And uh, basically.
Yeah. It's so it's like a kilt. It's like a kilt. No, a kilt would be knee,
knee up. Right. And this is lower. Its what? It's all the way down. Oh,
all the way down the ground and have a store for that. Okay. So this actually,
uh, like I don't give you expensive underwear. That's a dollar by the way.
A dollar. Nice sweet.
So I don't now do these guys wear underwear under this or they free ball? Yeah.
<laugh> they commander now they, you wear underwear. Okay.
But then the store with this and we'll go back to the fight guys.
It's just that uh, people wear that very comfortable. But then when the,
when uh, like war happens, you put it up and it looks like almost like a diaper.
Right? Mm-hmm <affirmative> and you can kick cuz this, you can't kick with this.
Oh, I see. And put it up and then it show off your, your, your leg tattoos.
Cuz they have a big tradition of leg tattoos. Oh, okay. And uh,
that's where you get all your tattoos in your legs.
Does it come from being over there? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. It was. I waited.
I waited before having them cuz I wanted to make sure I deserved them, you know?
Ah, interesting. Okay. Got and uh, basically. So I like that.
Cuz when you don't know who's a fighter unless you see on face, but then let,
let's say the, the war was happening. Boom.
Everybody gets their laundry up and they're ready for battle. And you see,
oh he's a fighter. Oh he's a fighter. Oh he's a fighter. Right. Cause the tech,
the legs are tied it up. Got it. Back in the days everybody had uh,
every fighter that was fighting into it had the, the to win it's called. Okay.
Anyway, back to the fight. Yes. So, uh, cuz we're doing a big, uh,
1 0 1 about Mer right now everything. So many things to talk about. So, uh,
the fight and then I started, um, I actually had a T uh,
TV following me for that fight. And you usually told me that they usually,
when we follow somebody, the, the guy never wins, you know,
but I was like pretty happy. So I ended up, uh, get him like a,
a takedown I'm bloody. I get him with an elbow in the face. He,
his head is like open up a pretty big gap in the head. He's bleeding.
And then I get a take down, but I'm using a lot of my teeth this time. And uh,
like he buckles in my up and I think I, I, I, the leg is,
their legs are not going too well. And then I do a take down and he like,
he falls on his leg and then he has to use his timeout. So yeah.
They bring him back and he is, he looks in pain and I tell,
I tell my corner and uh, I'm a bit like I'm,
I'm bleeding cuz he got me to cut too. That's that's also pretty rare,
but I'm and uh, and then I'm, I'm here. I say, which leg is it? Which leg is it?
And uh, my corner, uh, at the time is like, it's the, it's the right leg.
So I'm like, okay. So I'm like, I, and then he, the two minutes ends up.
He goes back. He's like, he looks limping a little bit. So I'm like,
I'm attacking the right leg. So I try, I try to hit it.
He's and then I do another take down and he's bleeding more than not long after
that it was over. He, he, he wasn't able to get up. Right. So, uh,
and actually when he fell down, it is a beautiful,
it was a pretty intense moment. He fells down and right in front of the canyon,
the canyon TV crew and the blood like leaks on the floor and it's pretty
intense, like pretty cool. Uh, pretty cool. Uh,
cuz I'm excited about this because like there's not a lot of good quality videos
about leadway you know what I'm right, right. So we got, is.
That the available online? Can Jamie pull that up?
I mean, if you, if you go to my like, uh, I don't know, YouTube or something,
you could probably see, um, the thing while we, while we're talking, but.
So this makes you the golden be champion. Exactly.
This is a giant at moment for you and this also spreads the word about let way
in Canada.
It's well, not automatically, right? Cuz it happens in Myanmar. Right. So, um,
and then,
but then in Myanmar it's just becoming like crazy people and we get married live
on TV two days after the fight. So, so it's like literally there cuz now.
They don't resent you for beating up the, a champion now. Well.
Okay. A little bit. Uh,
because he's representing the entire Muslim community in Myanmar and
I'm basically without even cuz I don't adhere to anything, but like basically,
uh, um, I'm representing all like the 95 percenters,
which is like Christian Buddhist and in like everybody else basically. So yeah.
Uh, yeah, they, they, they, they were so happy.
They were pretty excited cause oh that's interesting. I, I think they,
they were, they knew that what was gonna happen,
like we were gonna promote their culture abroad, you know? Yeah. Yeah.
So they're just happy people were promoting the sport. Yeah. Yeah.